## P02 App Design 1

1. *Find a topic where an app could improve your work or
entertain you during leisure time (an app may already exist but doesn’t help or no suitable
app available)*

**App idea**: A tourist app that shows possible activities in a certain location, as in this example for the 
region of Sedrun. It can be a platform for small businesses, organisators as well as individuals to promote their
activities and bookable experiences. 

- **Problem hypothesis**: A tourist in Sedrun (CH) can't find information about activities easily.
- **Customer hypothesis**: Tourists, 20-99 years old, mainly from Switzerland
- **Persona**: Tom, 30 years old, loves the outdoors and likes to spend his weekends in nature. He likes to participate in guided activities because it gives him the ability to connect to locals and discover local hidden gems. He likes to book things online and likes to keep things simple, doesn't like to spend a lot of time researching. He's upper middle class and always buys the latest iphone. 

**Features**
- Tom wants to easily get information on possible activities at his holiday destination
- Tom wants to filter those activities according to interests, price, duration, availability
- Tom wants to get more detailed information about a certain activity
- Tom wants to easily connect to the promoters and ask questions
- Tom wants to book & pay a certain activity and get all needed information
- Tom wants to leave a review and be able to read reviews. 

**Main Feature**:
  1. The user wants to get information on possible activities at his holiday destination

**Main Feature User Story**
1. I open the app
2. I enter the destination and region
3. I see a list of different activities
4. I can choose an activity
5. After choosing an activity I see more detailed information about it.
6. If there are no activities at the specific location, I get informed and I see results of the whole region. 
